I'll teach you, look here, look, look
Shopping?
Sir, we are an antique shop and do not accept anything.
girl
Buddha statues in the Tang Dynasty
It's from Wen Yao
You take 500,000
You uncle
We haven't opened yet, oops.
I'm here to send you money, hurry up.
I'm short of money 500,000 give me something for you
uncle
Your thing is new.
Hmm, I see you are the new one.
Hand him over to your manager
Don't know anything.
The manager did not
The boss is standing in front of you
Hahaha, you don't even understand the Buddha statue.
What kind of boss are you?
What is the Buddha statue looking at?
Do you know how to open your face?
Ah oops uncle
Your face is also new.
You're sick of licking my shoes
The truth is, what are you?
Come on, look at this
Wow, there is also a collection certificate.
Hahaha uncle
You wrote it by hand.
You don't even have a stamp
Are you kidding me? You really are
I have been identified by more than a dozen experts
You said it was dear?
I'm here to take care of you
Here's the money for you.
You don't know
Hmm uncle
You can go somewhere else to have a look. Is this thing yours?
We don't accept
Don't accept it, huh?
I took a taxi.
The whole city has been transformed
You are the last one
Just let me go
You also quoted me the taxi fare. Why?
What does your taxi have to do with us?
Why should I report the taxi fare to you? I don't report it, right?
I won't leave if I don't report it
You don't want to do business
Hey you
Someone hit someone
Haha, good, good, let you offend the suspect.
Please use something nice.